item.CustomItem.name=Daedric Sword
item.DaedricIngot.name=Daedric Ingot
tile.DaedricOre.name=Daedric Ore
entity.CustomEntityMob.name=Shade
item.CustomPickaxe.name=Daedric Pickaxe
item.CustomShovel.name=Daedric Shovel
item.CustomFood.name=Red Pepper
entity.DevilEntity.name=Diabolus
item.CustomAxe.name=Daedric Axe
item.CustomHoe.name=Daedric Hoe
item.CustomHelmet.name=Daedric Helmet
item.CustomChestplate.name=Daedric Chestplate
item.CustomLeggings.name=Daedric Leggings
item.CustomBoots.name=Daedric Boots
item.CustomItemCrops.name=Pepper
tile.CustomBlockCrops.name=Pepper Plant
item.CustomSeeds.name=Pepper Seeds
item.BossSpawn.name=Diabolic Orb
item.FireBow.name=Daedric Bow
item.Grenade.name=Unstable Daedric Orb
item.DiabolicEssence.name=Diabolic Essence
item.ExplodeBow.name=Explosion Bow
item.EnderRod.name=Ender Rod
tile.DaedricBlock.name=Daedric Block
tile.CompressedTNT.name=Compressed TNT

item.PartBowString.name=Partial Bow String
item.FullBowString.name=Full Bow String
item.BowTop.name=Explosion Bow Top
item.BowMiddle.name=Explosion Bow Middle
item.BowBottom.name=Explosion Bow Bottom

item.DiabolicStar.name=Diabolic Star